Change `google_compute_instance` documentation to warn about API overrides when using custom `machine_type` (#11605)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/compute_instance.html.markdown

    **Note:** If you want to update this value (resize the VM) after initial creation, you must set [`allow_stopping_for_update`](#allow_stopping_for_update) to `true`.

    [Custom machine types](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/concepts/compute/custom-machine-types) can be formatted as `custom-NUMBER_OF_CPUS-AMOUNT_OF_MEMORY_MB`, e.g. `custom-6-20480` for 6 vCPU and 20GB of RAM. 

>     Because of current API limitations some custom machine types might cause non-empty plans in your configuration. Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Because of current API limitations some custom machine types may get converted to different machine types (such as an equivalent standard type) and cause non-empty plans in your configuration. Use
```

>     If your custom `machine_type` is not covered by this syntax you will need to set `lifecycle_rule.ignore_changes` to `true`

Reviewer: Do you have an example that gets mangled? I'm surprised they'd accept the input if it's not covered.

Author: Ok, yes i can confirm it happens on instances.

But found another buggy behavior. According to your doc the `custom-2-2048` should be `n1` but is rounded to `n2-standard-2`
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/05906371-3274-411e-a09f-6fa7efa0ef85)

Will just update the docs to warn about potential use of the `ignore_changes` because this is all over the place on API's side

>     `lifecycle.ignore_changes=machine_type` in these cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `lifecycle.ignore_changes` on `machine_type` in these cases.
```
